
Talha Tariq (04072213007)
                                                                              
 UC # 1

ALLOCATE HOUSES

       Primary actors: 
•	Faculty Members
•	Estate Office
       Use case description:
                                     In his process houses will be allocated to the faculty members on the basis of seniority. They will mail to estate office to show interest for getting house.
       Stack holders and interests:     
•	Faculty Member: 
                                                                            They are the ones who would mail to the estate office, so that house would be allocated to them. 
•	Estate Office : 
                                                                       The estate office administration facilitate the requests and applies constraints to ensure valid request and person on basis of seniority. 
                                                                       It will also carry out the whole process necessary to allocate house.                     
                                                                        
   Preconditions:
                                  Faculty members must mail and show interest to get a house.

      Postconditions:
                              The house is allocated to faculty member. 
     Main success scenario:
1.	The Faculty Member mails to estate office.
2.	The estate office administration verifies the person and request.
3.	The estate office administration manages requests according to vacancies available.
4.	The estate office administration allocates the house to faculty members.

Alternate scenarios:
•	The faculty member may mail again to cancel the previous request. The estate office administration then will exclude that specific request(of point # 2 in main success scenario).
•	The estate office administration may find the person is not eligible to request a house (Junior staff) (of point # 2 in main success scenario).
•	The estate office administration has not enough vacancies to facilitate all requests (of point # 3 in main success scenario).
Inputs:
1.	Request by Faculty member:
o	Email by the faculty members to show interest for getting a house.
o	Personal information of faculty member (name, department,  grade, seniority).
2.	Available Houses:
o	List of available (vacant) houses  by the estate office.
3.	Verification constraints:
o	Verification of eligibility of faculty member in terms of  grade .
Outputs:
1.	Confirmation Message:
o	Confirmation  meassage regarding allocation of sent to the faculty member.
2.	Updation of Record:
o	The system updates house allocation records.





………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………

UC # 2
                                                                                                                                                                   Apply for House Allocation

Primary Actor:
Faculty Member
       Use case description:
                                     In his process the faculty members apply for getting houses . They will mail application to estate office to take part in house allocation process.
Stakeholders and Interests:
•	Faculty Member: who applies for a house based on their grade and seniority.
•	Estate Office: who to receives  applications and make sure that allocation of houses based seniority.
Precondition:
•	The faculty members should be eligible for application based on their grades.
•	The house should be available (vacant or unallocated).
•	The estate office should invite for applications.
Main Success Scenario:
1.	The estate office invites faculty members based on their grade when house becomes vacant.
2.	The faculty member view the list of unallocated houses.
3.	The faculty member submits an application for a specific house (if the number of vacant houses are more than one).
4.	The system applies security constraints to validate the eligibility of faculty member .
5.	The application successfully submitted to the system.
Postcondition:
•	The system generates a confirmation message that the application is submitted succesfully.
 Alternate Scenarios:
•	The system generates error meassage and does not allow the submission of application if  the faculty member is ineligible (Alternate Scenario of the point # 4 in main success scenario) .
Inputs:
1.	House Vacancy Information: 
o	List of available (vacant)  houses issued by the estate office).

2.	Application :
o	Faculty’s information in terms of application they are going to submit to the house allocation system .

.
Outputs:
1.	Application Submission:
o	Confirmation message after the application have been submitted.



………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..


UC # 3
                                                                                                                               Resolve Application Issues

Primary Actor:
Estate Office
       Use case description:
                                     In his process the issues that encounters in application process would be resolved by estate office.
Stakeholders and Interests: 
•	Estate Office: Who is responsible to resolve the issues that arises during house allocation system.
•	Faculty Member: Who wants a transparent system so that their application should be considered fairly.
Precondition:
•	Faculty member have submitted application for house application.
•	A conflict is arises in application process (more than one  applicants with the equal  grade or seniority , the number of houses are less as compared to  applicants of the equal grade or seniority).
Main Success Scenario :
1.	The estate office encounters an issue during the house allocation process  such as there are more than one  applicants with the equal  grade or seniority , the number of houses are less as compared to  applicants of the equal grade or seniority .
2.	The system generate message about the issue to estate office.
3.	The estate office view  information of all  applicants that are part of the conflict.
4.	The estate office applies some conflict resolving mechanism, such as:
o	By applying additional seniority constraint to applicants (years of service or performance in their whole service era , number of achievements ).
o	By applying specific internal guidelines ( tenure, department priority).
5.	The estate office cope with the conflict and finalizes the list of allotted faculty members.
6.	The estate office sent the letters to the allotted faculty members, to inform them about the decision.
7.	The system then updates the status of the allocation record.
Postcondition:
•	The conflict issue encounters in application process is resolved.
•	 The allocation system is updated , and the houses are allocated to selected faculty members.
Alternate scenarios:
•	 If the number of houses are insufficient and no solution is possible , the estate office creates a waiting list of faculty members to give them priority in future availability (Alternate scenario of the point # 4 in main success scenario).
Inputs:
1.	Conflict Details:
o	List of all applicants involved in the conflict (bases on same grade or seniority).
o	Number of available houses.
2.	Resolution Policies:
o	Additional factors and constraints such as Internal guidelines for resolving the issue (tenure , department priority, number of achievements ,years of whole service era).

Outputs:
1.	Final Decision:
o	Finalized list of house allotments after resolving the issue.
2.	Informing or communication:
o	Letters sent to newly allotted.
3.	System Updates:
o	The system updates  the allocated records.

………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….



